# In-Cut-Letters-in-an-ACP-Box-Base-Frame
In Cut Acrylic Letter signs are pretty like Stencil Cut Letters. Here too, a laser cut acrylic letter is pushed into a same shaped hole within the base ACP panel. There's one small difference though. In Cut Acrylic Letters Are Very Slightly 3-Dimensional In Cut acrylic letters don't seem to be two dimensional like their Stencil Cut siblings. The acrylic letters, during this case, protrude very slightly far from the bottom acrylic frame. Where stencil letters are used, the acrylic letter, which is embedded within the ACP cavity has the identical thickness because of the ACP sheet. So both these elements remain within the same plane. In-cut letter boards use an acrylic sheet significantly thicker than the aluminium composite panel. The letters, during this case, become taller than the encompassing metal sheet. Let me elaborate on this. ACP sheets from sign board manufacturers in Madurai are generally 3 mm thick. So once we make a hole within the same, the cross-section/hole also features a depth of three mm. Moreover, standard acrylic sheets used for sign making have a thickness of three mm. So when a 3 mm laser cut acrylic sheet is pressed into a 3 mm deep ACP cavity you finish up with the ACP sheet from ACP board manufacturers in Madurai and embedded acrylic letter having the highest surfaces at the identical height. Run your fingers over the ACP panel and embedded letter and both these objects are at the identical plane. Your finger won't encounter any protrusions. This can be why stencil cut acrylic signs are two dimensional. But allow us to suppose that within the above example, we fit a ten mm thick acrylic sheet in our 3 mm deep ACP cavity. Now we find yourself with the letters protruding 7 mm (approximately 1 / 4 on an inch) above the flat plane of our metal sheet. This can be because, out of the overall 10 mm thickness of our acrylic letter, a depth of three mm gets embedded within the ACP sheet. The remaining 7 mm juts forward. In Cut and Stencil Cut Acrylic Letter Boards Are Largely Similar In cut acrylic signs look very rich. These acrylic letters in fact have a front glow. But additionally they even have a really nice edge glow from the perimeters that are protruding forward. Opting between Stencil Cut and In Cut letters could be a matter of individual choice. All the employment case scenarios that apply to Stencil Cut letters stand true for In Cut acrylic signs yet. In Cut acrylic letters may be deployed to impart a play of differing depths to the varied elements on a backlit sign board. They too are used extensively for indoor signs. Moreover, rather like Stencil Cut letters, the In Cut acrylic option is employed to fabricate boards having very thin fonts or an intricate design.
